<head>
  <title>Narrative Stuff?</title>
<p>


Forest:

You step into the forest. There are two paths
→ You walk forward
    There is a frog
    → you click on their computer
        “How rude, they’re using the computer”
    → you walk left
→ You walk left
    You see another computer
    → Click on it
        You’re now in cyberspace
</p>

<p>

Cyberspace:

You’re in a forest, and there is a sign in gibberish before you.
If you follow the sign, you see a long hallway of trees
Along the sides of this tree hallway, there’s rows upon rows of computers as far as your eye can see
This is…….. A net cafe for little forest animals…. It’s called……. Cyberspace
If you look closely at any of these computers, there’s a little animal at each one.
Some of them are frogs, or toads, or squirrels, and there’s one swan wearing sunglasses
If you ask the swan what he’s doing there he says “You just got powned newb(beware flashing lights)”
If you look at any of the other animals computers, they’re playing various games, or reading really sick blogs
These animals seem like hardcore gamers, they intimidate you
 If you are done spending time with these animals, you can keep walking along the hallway
At the end of the hallway is the entrance to the Cosmodrome


Cosmodrome:

The entrance to the Cosmodrome is made of a large stone that juts towards the sky.
The stone is full of doors, each one leading to an odd room. There is one door, though, that leads to another hallway.
The hallway is studded with stars, each floating, glowing, and moving in no apparent pattern. 
At the end of the hall is a circular room topped with a glass dome. A panel in this dome opens to allow a telescope through. Along the walls are six doors, each with a familiar name written on it. 
If you look below the telescope, you can see a panel with a whoooole buncha buttons, each one a different color and size than its compatriots. There’s a small screen in the center of the panel. Above that screen is a sign that says “Star Crafting.”
If you tap on the screen, an fmv video fades in, and someone says “What’s up gamers, I’m d.”

</p>
